the gasoline that comes to our daily life
is the result of work that can
to start more than 5 thousand meters
depth in the ocean
Have you ever imagined a long journey from this
important gasoline fuel
produced from petroleum
the oil of fossil origin that takes millions
of years to be formed in the rocks
sedimentary many studies
investments are involved in the
drilling discovery and development
of oil fields
the fields already in production oil
extracted separately on the platforms
then transported to the
terminals on the Brazilian coast
from there the oil goes to a
refinery where it goes through three
basic cold separation conversion and
treating the separated oil is
heated at high temperatures to
evaporate
this amount in the net state account
as it cools at different levels
inside the distillation tower in each
level to the container that connect
determine the by - products of petroleum
I feel one of them gasoline the most
heavy oil prices follow
converted when they are converted into
molecules and give rise to sub
products including gasoline
this increases the use of the
oil and in the final stage
among the actions taken is made
removed from the great horn of the
produced fuel
this way the production of the
ultra low sulfur gasoline
this gasoline known as holder out
refineries without any additives to
several distributors throughout Brazil
in all petrol distributors
receives the addition of ethanol
a book as well as being required by law
this condition increases the octane
fuel and helps lower emissions
of pollutants
the result comes from the common gasoline that
we met at the filling stations
distributors also produce the
gasoline from the
addition of detergents and dispersants to
common gasoline are those additives which
conserve the combustion system
maintaining that the nozzles and the nozzles
engine valves
both common and additive gasolines
leaving the distributors to finally
reach the filling stations
however the investment is present
throughout the gasoline journey and where
have the eye program stamp on the
fuel can supply calm
because it is a sign that the fuel has
the quality tested by petrobras